# Factorial_Analysis_FPS
 On the Factorial Structure of the Feminist Perspective Scale: Comparison of an Exploratory Factor Analysis and a Confirmatory Factor Analysis.
This study examined the factorial structure and psychometric properties of the Feminist Perspective Scale in a sample from all over the world. It was aimed to determine if the established six-factor Feminist Perspective Scale structure could be replicated and if an exploratory factor analysis revealed a different structure as compared to what is currently assumed. The Feminist Perspective Scale is composed of six perspectives: conservative, liberal feminism, radical feminism, socialist feminism, cultural feminism, and women of color (WOC) / womanism. Confirmatory factor analysis and exploratory factor analysis was conducted on a total sample of n = 11 465. Using both methods, we justify that the theoretically driven factor analysis was not sufficient to explain the covariation of the questionnaire’s items. It is shown that reducing the number of factors in an exploratory analysis to five, increases the model fit. Also, individual items affect the overall fit of their specific factor, this should be explored further. There is a high correlation between the six factors that represent the six perspectives, this represents the theoretical overlap that exists between them. The Feminist Perspective Scale presents an important look into the interaction of different perspectives and how their similarities increase the complexity of understanding the structure of the test. 
##### The data used for this analysis can be downloaded from the website https://openpsychometrics.org/_rawdata/